Add error code description for 'Information schema is changed' (#13559)
pingcap/docs-cn: metadata-lock.md

    | `BEGIN;`                   |                                           |
    |                            | `ALTER TABLE t MODIFY COLUMN a CHAR(10);` |

>     | `SELECT * FROM t;` (报错 `Information schema is changed`) |             |
> > **注意：**
> 上述报错 error code 是 '8028' 供开发者参考。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `SELECT * FROM t;` (报错 `Error 8028: Information schema is changed`) |             |
```
